hi i'm india Paulino for NBC News online
and I am here at the 2014 New York pro
with our women's physique winner
Giuliana Malek Carney this is your third
win in a row that you new york new york
pro correct that's correct my third time
we need you right from their role hell
yeah and you just want Dallas lost last
week
sweet yeah last weekend yes I did what's
great this year is being great so far I
would say so so how many Bruins is that
for you so far for four I think I'm the
the girl was its most weenie weenie
physique now oh yeah
so how do you how do you feel I mean the
lineup in New York everybody knows it's
always amazing it's always very very
good and now women's physique because
it's growing there's a lot of good
physiques out there how did you feel
coming into this show did you feel you
know confident did you wear there it was
there anything that you felt it about
how was it how did you feel I'm gonna
tell you I always feel very confident I
mean I never I don't have that problem
if I we're if I lose I always feel
confident about me because I know I
always bring a competitive package if
the judge is gonna like or not that's
another another question you know but I
always feel confident and I was excited
this time because I brought a different
package I'm actually like seven pounds
lighter than last year I was gonna say
you look a little bit yeah I'm way
smaller so I was excited just to bring
something different and see how the
judge would react they would like or not
so that's why I did dollars last week
because I want to like warm up and see
like a feedback and work or get very
well for me so I'm excited and super
happy good for you will congratulations
you look amazing as always in what's
gonna be what's next for you next is
noeleen PR gonna take a break now gonna
eat you know have some fun but alright
thank you so much
you